



## How are the GNU GPL licenses different from each other?
The GNU GPLs can only be used on free software only. The GNU Lesser GPL can be used on free and proprietary software. The GNU Affero GPL is only for use on software that can be accessed through a network only. The GNU All-Permissive License is a permissive free software licenses intended for use on README files or small/short manual pages. The GNU Free Documentation License is a copyleft license that is intended for use on textbooks, manuals, dictionaries, etc. to ensure the user the freedom to copy, distribute, and modify either commercially or non commercially. 

## What distinguishes GNU GPLs, Apache and Mozilla licenses?
The GPL’s are copyleft licenses ensuring that its derivatives are free to copy, distribute and modify just like the original work. The Apache License is not a copyleft license, but it has terms that prevent contributors and distributors from suing for patent infringement. It is recommended to use this for small programs that contain less than 300 lines of code. The Mozilla Public License (MPL) is s free software license that is also a weak copyleft license. It provides indirect compatibility between itself and the GNU GPLv2, the GNU LGPLv2.1, the GNU AGPLv3 and all later versions of those licenses. Meaning, if you choose to modify work under an MPL, you can create a new body of work that includes files under GNU licenses. So this work would now have two licenses. You can distribute this new body of work, that is under the MPL, under the GNU license’s terms, but the files that were originally under the MPL must remain under the MPL. Anyone who chooses to modify this new body of work that has these two licenses has the option to choose to continue to use the MPL-covered files under the MPL or distribute the new body of work fully or partially under the GNU license’s terms with no further restrictions. 

## What is copyleft?
Copyleft is a way of licensing free software that ensures all of its derivative works are also copyleft licenses. The derivative works must also give users the same freedom the owner of the original work had to copy, modify, and distribute as they pleased. 

## What is permissive?
Permissive is a way of licensing free software that doesn’t place any restrictions on how derivative works may be licensed. Its only requirement is that the author of the derivative work attribute the original author.

## Why are Creative Commons licenses not ideal for use with software?
Creative Commons licenses are not ideal for use with software because these licenses do not contain any specific terms about the distribution of software. Controlling how software is distributed can ensure that all of its derivative works remain free to copy and modify if the original was free to copy and modify. 
