---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

# Reading About Getting Started With Open Source
## Assignment 7

For this week's assignment, we had to read 4 articles and react to one or more of them. They were all about getting started in the open source world (contributing, picking a project to contribute to, etc.).

## ["A Beginner's Very Bumpy Journey Through The World of Open Source"](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/a-beginners-very-bumpy-journey-through-the-world-of-open-source-4d108d540b39)
This article was a little insightful. The main lesson I took away from it was to not be afraid to ask questions, which is something I've always heard throughout my college education. But what stood out to me was the unfriendly open source environment that the author spoke about. It's rude, cold, and nonsensical to not be helpful to someone trying to properly contribute to an open source project. If someone needs to ask questions to make sure they are making meaningful contributions to the project, then be helpful and answer those questions to the best of your ability. Being unhelpful to them will cause you to lose one potential contributor. Perhaps others who were going to contribute saw that message, maybe even had the same question, and changed their mind after seeing the response that person got. Potential contributors asking questions about contributing beforehand should be welcomed. It ensures they fully understand what they need to know in order to contribute. Not all open source projects are very easy to jump into right away. Contributing too hastily is bad anyway, because it can lead to contributors adding bugs or further complicating a problem.

## ["How to Contribute to Open Source Without Coding"](https://icontribute.wordpress.com/how-to-contribute-to-open-source-without-coding/)
This list was enlightening. I didn't realize there were so many ways to contribute to open source without writing code. One of those ways that I really thought was important was creating an FAQ page for the project. This could save a lot of time for the lead contributors and project owner(s). Potential contributors can just be directed to this page. An FAQ page could also make a new contributor less intimidated by a big open source project because it would sort of be an organized welcome page that tells them mostly everything they need to know. Another way that I thought was important was translating the documentation and program text into another language. This removes the language barrier in the open source world and expands the pool of potential contributors. Additionally, when it comes to contributing actual code, the list stated that one thing you should do a lot of beforehand is reading code. Reading code is important because there are many different ways to code something. Those ways will definitely not be how you would've coded that something. Reading code will make you open minded and think of different ways to code something. It will also make you realize that not everyone will code just like you and people will also have documentation conventions different from yours that may or may not be more readable than yours. But, most importantly, reading code will definitely be a learning experience.

Overall, these four articles did give me some insight into taking the first steps to contribute to an open source project and how to choose a project to contribute to. It made me look forward to contributing to an open source project of my choosing, which I haven't decided on yet.
